Today in this lecture we will see 
1.> what is flutter and what is dart 
2.> why flutter and why dart
3.> who can watch this video and the prerequisites 
4.> last and very important why you should watch this video and what is the profit

             1.>Lets start 
.1> what is flutter
                 = Flutter is a powerful language packed with a powerful mobile framework that can be used in both iOS and Android applications
                   it is a UI toolkit for developing fast,  natively compiled applications for mobile, web, and desktop with one programing language and single codebase.
It is free and open-source. Initially, it was developed from Google and now manages by an ECMA standard.Flutter is often used with DART, which is an object-oriented 
programming language by Google. These types of the framework are known as cross-platform development tools. 

.>ECMA standard: European Computer Manufacturer’s Association
.>ui toolkit: user interface toolkit
.>cross-platform:  used for developing both ios and android application.

.2> what is dart
              =Dart is a object oriented programming language designed by Lars Bak and Kasper in October 2011 which is originally developed by Google.
               Dart programming language is designed for client development such as for the web and mobile apps, and it can also be used to build server and desktop applications.
              
   
              2.> Why 
                    .1>flutter
.Open-Source: Flutter is a free and open-source framework for developing mobile applications.
.>Cross-platform: This feature allows Flutter to write the code once, maintain, and can run on different platforms. It saves the time, effort, and money of the developers.
.>Hot Reload: Whenever the developer makes changes in the code, then these changes can be seen instantaneously with Hot Reload. It means the changes immediately visible in the app itself
.>Widgets: The Flutter framework offers widgets, which are capable of developing customizable specific designs.
           Flutter has two sets of widgets: Material Design and Cupertino widgets 
           .material design:- for android apps
           .cupertino widget: for ios apps 
               
                   .2>dart
.>Dart is a platform-independent language and supports all operating systems such as Windows, Mac, Linux, etc.
.>Dart is very useful in building real-time applications because of its stability.
.>It is an open-source object oriented language, which means it available free for everyone. It comes with a BSD license and recognized by the ECMA standard.
.>Dart comes with the dar2js compiler which transmits the Dart code into JavaScript code that runs on all modern web browser.


           3.>
.>everyone , who want to learn app development ,
.> want to be a software developer and want to add a very usefull , mony making and futurestic skill in your life bucket.

           4.>
.>if you wnat to be a software developer or a freelancer or want to add a usefull skill so you should be watch this video and be a app developer by the end of this course.
.>A app developer can earn lacks of mony in a month by doing freelancing , or can get a full time job at very smart package.
